README.md, before:

# Mega Rocket SA

Mega Rocket SA is a web system that facilitates the management of the schedule grid.
It can be used by members, trainers, admin, and superAdmin.
## Installation

```
You can directly download the code from this repository,
 there is no need to install another extra application.
```

## Usage

1. Members

2. Trainers

3. Admin

4. SuperAdmin

## Week 01
We made a Figma project. We did an screenflow about this application, with functionality of each section

## Week 02
In this week we transfer the structure of the application, without styles. Only html language

## Week 03
After the second week we started to add styles. We link css and and reset file. This time the style was not responsive design

## Week 04
This week we work with responsive design for tablet and desktop, we also add github pages. 
[Link-page index.html](https://eugeniagassman.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-04/index.html "Index")
For the responsinve desing we used flexbox

## Week 05
This week we start with JavaScript. We studied its fundamentals and we saw variables, functions, if-else, Arrays, loop for. We did JavaScript exercises , without adding js yet to our Mega Rocket application. We also made corrections for week 04.

## Authors
- Gassman Eugenia

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.

Commit message:

BaSP-W06-2023: added date of birth, city, modified readme, fixed error div styles

README.md, after:

# Mega Rocket SA

Mega Rocket SA is a web system that facilitates the management of the schedule grid.
It can be used by members, trainers, admin, and superAdmin.
## Installation

```
You can directly download the code from this repository,
 there is no need to install another extra application.
```

## Usage

1. Members

2. Trainers

3. Admin

4. SuperAdmin

## Week 01
We made a Figma project. We did an screenflow about this application, with functionality of each section

## Week 02
In this week we transfer the structure of the application, without styles. Only html language

## Week 03
After the second week we started to add styles. We link css and and reset file. This time the style was not responsive design

## Week 04
This week we work with responsive design for tablet and desktop, we also add github pages. 
[Link-page index.html](https://eugeniagassman.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-04/index.html "Index")
For the responsinve desing we used flexbox

## Week 05
This week we start with JavaScript. We studied its fundamentals and we saw variables, functions, if-else, Arrays, loop for. We did JavaScript exercises , without adding js yet to our Mega Rocket application. We also made corrections for week 04.
[Link-page index.html](https://eugeniagassman.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-05/index.html "Index")

## Week 06
This week we implemented JavaScript in our sign up and login page. We use the DOM and addEventsLisstener. 
We made the sign up and login pages responsive with css using flexbox and reusing styles from previous weeks. 
[Link-page index.html](https://eugeniagassman.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-06/sign-up.html "Sign Up")
[Link-page index.html](https://eugeniagassman.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-06/login.html "Login")

## Authors
- Gassman Eugenia

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.
